Meeting with Tutor and Tjark, Nora, Steffen to obtain feedback on experiment

Tutor Feedback on experiment:
  -Doesn't always work (threw error 2/5 times)
  -Intro
    -Go more into what we are doing
    -Thank participants
    -Consent form: include into intro, that participation is voluntary (...)
  -Ask demographics at the end
  -Indicate end of experiment
  -In general: Be more polite!
  -Dilemma view:
    -Recommended to use 6-point Likert-scale -> only use outmost numbers to put text
    -Do only if they did it in final experiment
  -Weird looking Likert scale is okay
  -Second attention question maybe not necessary (?)

Analysis:
  -We don't have to finish our analysis this week
  -Deadline July is not for code
  -We don't HAVE to stick with what we put in our prereg, but we have to write about
  and justify changes

General:
  -Submodule deployment of experiment will not be a problem
  -Tobias agrees on giving us more time on the analysis, but will have to ask other Tutors first


Meeting afterwards with Tjark, Nora, Steffen
  -Try to keep the data as clean as possible in Magpie already
  -Think about splitting weird Likert scales to two views, so its not weird anymore
  -Implement Feedback view for Pilot at the end
  -Probably start Pilot on thursday to have data on Friday
  -Next meeting (probably): Friday 30.07.2021
